# SwaggerAspNetCore2.1
sample project created only to describe the swagger UI configuration


Here are the steps required to integrate Swagger UI in an .NET Core Web API project.

Step 1 
Create .Net Core WebAPI project using Visual Studio 2019
 
Step 2
Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen and Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI packages from Nuget.
 
Step 3
Need to add few these two methods in the Startup.cs class. The details of these methods are below.

Configureservices()
services.AddSwaggerGen(c =>
            {
                c.SwaggerDoc("v1", new OpenApiInfo { Title = "My API", Version = "v1" });
            });
            
Configure()
// adding below code to genetate swagger json.
app.UseSwagger();
//adding below code to get swagger UI
app.UseSwaggerUI(c =>
{
    c.SwaggerEndpoint("/swagger/v1/swagger.json", "My API V1");
});

 
 Step 4
 Now you have configured your swagger UI interface. Step 4 is ony ment for running the project- Configure localsettings.json as below. This is optional you can either access the swagger UI from url https://localhost:<port>/swagger/index.html
 
 otherwise add the following.
 "profiles" : {  
   "IIS Express" : {  
      "commandName" : "IISExpress",  
         "launchBrowser" : true,  
         "launchUrl" : "swagger",  
      "environmentVariables" : {  
   "ASPNETCORE_ENVIRONMENT" : "Development"  
      }  
   }  
} 

Step 5 
Execute or access the mentioned URL in step 4. as everyone mentioned swagger.json is jsonfile which his autogenerated by swaggergen middleware plugin. you can see the mentioned json from network tab.
